14
NEW DELHI: Three individuals, including an infant, lost their lives, and 12 others sustained injuries in Jammu and Kashmir's Kishtwar district when an SUV skidded off the road and plunged into a deep gorge officials said on Saturday. The accident occurred late Friday evening when the overloaded passenger vehicle met with the accident at the Hakoo village on the Gulabgarh-Machail road , the officials said. Three individuals—Daya Krishan aged 36 years old, Sabita Devi aged 30 years old, and a 15-day-old boy— were killed and 12 others were injured in the accident, Officials added. Officials further informed that four critically injured individuals were hospitalised at the Government Medical College (GMC) in Jammu for specialised treatment. The Kishtwar district administration promptly declared an ex-gratia relief of Rs 50,000 for the families of those deceased and Rs 10,000 for the critically injured under the District Red Cross Fund. Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.



16
BILASPUR : One person was killed and three others sustained injuries when a leopard suddenly attacked a car carrying passengers near Hawan village last night, as reported by a government spokesperson on Wednesday. The passengers were returning from a wedding in Mandi district when the attack occurred, causing the vehicle to plummet 150 feet into a nearby gorge. According to the spokesperson, the driver of the car, Himmat Singh, was killed, and three others were injured when the leopard leaped onto the vehicle. The impact was so severe that the vehicle plunged into a gorge, he added. Upon learning about the incident, the nearby villagers informed the police, and the injured were promptly taken to the hospital for treatment. The spokesperson further stated that at the hospital, doctors declared Himmat Singh as brought dead. The Ghumarwin police had sent the deceased's body to the Civil Hospital for post-mortem examination, and a case of accident had been registered, he added. Further investigation into the matter is ongoing, stated the spokesperson. (With inputs from PTI) Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.




67
NEW DELHI: A day after a 69-year-old man died and his 5-year-old granddaughter sustained injuries in a road accident in Dwarka, it has come to light that their scooter was hit by a speeding Mercedes-Benz car. While a case of negligence has been registered against the errant driver, no arrest has been made so far. The incident took place near Sector 17 on Wednesday afternoon when Arun Kumar, a resident of Dwarka Mor, was going to drop her granddaughter off at her residence in Sector 12 after picking her up from a nursery school. CCTV footage showed Kumar riding the scooter around 1pm when a speeding black Mercedes-Benz car jumped the traffic signal , hit their vehicle from behind and fled the scene. Kumar's son-in-law Prashant Goswami revealed that the road accident victim, a former SBI manager, sustained nine fractures due to the collision- five on chest and four on back. The child suffered a fracture on her orbital bone and multiple facial injuries. "The driver didn't even pause for a second, instead accelerated and fled away. The bystanders then rushed my daughter and father-in-law to the hospital and informed us about the crash," recalled Goswami. Police said a case under sections of 279 (rash driving), 337( hurt) and 304A (death due to negligence) of the IPC had been registered at Dwarka North police station. "I've been tirelessly searching for the right medical care for my child, hopping between hospitals. This incident has left our family shattered. My daughter's closest companion was her maternal grandfather. Even during her treatment, she keeps asking about her grandfather. We don't know how to break the news to her," said the grieving son-in-law. Police further added that technical and manual surveillance had been mounted and all possible efforts were being made to identify the offending vehicle driver and nab him. Goswami said that Kumar had also made plans for a trip with his wife. "We are concerned how our daughter and mother will cope with the tragedy. It's not about the car or the road. Driving an expensive car doesn't give anyone the right to disregard others on the road. A single mistake behind the wheel can have devastating consequences for an entire family," he added. Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.



558
Mandya: A birthday boy and three of his friends who were on a predawn drive after midnight celebrations died after their car hit a lorry on Bengaluru-Hassan highway on Sunday. The deceased have been identified as Sharath , who celebrated his 22nd birthday; Hemanth Kumar , 24; Yogesh, 23, and Dheeraj Kumar , 22. They were all residents of Bengaluru. Cops said the accident occurred around 4.45am at Thirumalapura Gate when Chevrolet Spark rear-ended the lorry and fell into a ditch. All four occupants of the car died on the spot. The lorry driver fled the spot. Sources said the quartet initially wanted to go to Chikkaballapur, near Bengaluru, on two or three bikes, but later changed their plan and hit the Mangaluru highway in a car. A police officer said that it was not clear whether they were headed towards Dharmasthala. While Hemanth ran a sump-cleaning agency in Bengaluru, Dheeraj worked as a mechanical engineer in a hardware company; Sharath and Yogesh worked in a private company. tnn Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.



541
GURGAON: A 62-year-old woman and her 32-year-old daughter died and two others suffered grievous injuries when the car in which they were travelling was hit by an SUV near Sector 106 on Sunday evening. Police said Kamal Matta , a resident of Dwarka in Delhi, had come to see a property in Sector 108 along with his wife Neelam and daughter Monika. A real estate broker, Karanjeet Singh , was accompanying them. The accident occurred when the four were returning to Sohna to see a relative. Kamal, who was driving his Baleno , had just taken a U-turn when the SUV crashed into it, unable to slam the brakes in time. "They were coming to visit me in Sohna and had taken the U-turn near Raheja Vedanta society. A Kia SUV that was coming from the Delhi side failed to spot the Baleno and crashed into it. Some labourers working at a construction site were the first rescuers. They arranged for an ambulance and rushed them to a private hospital. My sister and her daughter were declared dead on arrival. We also came to know that the SUV had a couple, who, too, were injured," said Yogesh Bhalla , Neelam's brother. Kamal and the broker, Singh, are undergoing treatment at a private hospital. A labourer who rushed to the accident site told TOI, "It was around 5pm. The Baleno car was taking a U-turn when an SUV hurtling down the road crashed into it. The SUV driver failed to slam the brakes in time. The Baleno was dragged for almost 20 metres after being hit. Everyone who was working at our construction rushed to help and bring out the occupants." An ambulance reached the spot in around 15 minutes and took the four to hospital. "We had arranged for some first-aid from nearby stores. The condition of two women in the car was extremely critical," he added. Following a complaint by Bhalla, an FIR was registered against the SUV driver under sections 279 (whoever drives any vehicle, or rides, on any public way in a manner so rash or negligent as to endanger human life, or to be likely to cause hurt or injury to any other person), 304A (causing death by negligence), and 337 (whoever causes hurt to any person by doing any act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life, or the personal safety of others) of the IPC at Rajendra Park police station. Police said the SUV driver was speeding because he was going to see an ailing relative. No arrests were made till late on Monday evening. Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.