Trichy : A 15-year-old boy was killed after he was hit by an unidentified car at Rayampuram in the district on Monday evening. Police said K Vasan, a Class X student of Rayampuram village, and his neighbour M Manikandan, 16, were walking towards a shop in the village on Monday evening. At that time, a sports utility vehicle (SUV) rammed the boys and fled the scene. Vasan succumbed to injuries on the spot while Manikandan was rushed to Ariyalur Government Medical College Hospital with grievous injuries. Meanwhile, villagers including relatives of Vasan blocked the Sendurai-Ariyalur state highway with the victim’s body. On information, revenue and police officials rushed to the spot and held talks. After they assured to investigate and book the perpetrator involved, the protest was withdrawn. Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.


JALANDHAR: At least four people were killed, and two sustained injuries in a collision between a car and a truck on the Jammu-Jalandhar National Highway on Saturday. "A car and truck collided, and five people traveling in the car, out of which four lost their lives on the spot," said Har Prem Singh, SHO Dasuha. "The injured have been admitted to the civil hospital, and we are verifying how this accident happened," added SHO Dasuha. (With inputs from agency) Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.



NELLORE: One person was killed, and two others, including MLC Parvathareddy Chandrasekhar Reddy, suffered injuries in a tragic road accident in Andhra Pradesh's Nellore on Friday. The car of Rayalaseema MLC from Nellore East collided with a lorry in Dagdarthi while traveling from Vijayawada to Nellore. Venkateswarlu, the MLC's assistant, lost his life on the spot, and the car's driver suffered severe injuries. Promptly, the MLC with critical injuries was transferred to Nellore Apollo Hospital. Doctors have assured that his life is not in danger. Inspector Srinivas Rao stated that the MLC's car was involved in an accident, resulting in the immediate death of his secretary. Both the driver and the MLC sustained injuries. Police are currently investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision. (With inputs from agency) Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.


RANCHI: Four youths lost their lives when their car collided with an electricity pole on Thursday morning. The tragic incident occurred between Booty Chowk and Dumardaga around 1:30am in the Sadar police station area of the city. "The car, possibly traveling at breakneck speed, collided with an electric pole and overturned. The impact was so strong that the pole broke into three pieces," said Laxmikant, in-charge of the Sadar police station. The youths, approximately 30 years old, succumbed on the spot. "They were taken to Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS), where doctors declared them brought dead," he added All of them hailed from Bariatu Basti in Ranchi. (With inputs from agency) Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.



Hyderabad: A 28-year-old software engineer , who came down from Australia to Peddapalli to attend wedding of a relative, drowned when his car plunged into roadside farm well in Peddapalli town in the very early hours of Saturday. Police suspect the victim failed to negotiate a curve on the road due to speeding and the car fell deep into the well. The accident occurred at 2.30 am when Vineet Reddy along with three relatives was travelling in the car. While the three managed to get out of the sinking car, Vineet, who was at the wheel with the seat belt strap on, couldn’t free himself in time and drowned as the car sank in the agricultural well. According to Peddapalli police, his relatives, D Sai Teja Reddy, Akhil Reddy and A Rohit Reddy, escaped with minor injuries. Vineet was supposed to go back to Australia shortly as he had landed in Telangana a month ago to attend his cousin’s marriage. On Friday night, all the relatives attended a dinner at Reddy Colony in Peddapalli. Late in the night, Vineet decided to return to his house at Rangampalli in the town. “Vineet was driving the car and three cousins were with him. There was a road curve at the accident spot and perhaps due to speeding, Vineet failed to negotiate the road curve. The car went off the road, hit the protection wall of the well and crashed into it,” police said. Sai Teja immediately managed to open a door of the car and came out. As soon as the door was opened, water entered into the car and the vehicle began to submerge. The other doors got jammed. As the other three cousins started banging on the the window glasses, Sai Teja climbed out holding a pipe. Once he was out, he dropped a boulder on the rear windshield of the car, making an opening in it. Rohit and Akhil managed to sneak out through the broken windshield and climbed to safety. “Vineet wore a seat belt. It took some time for him to remove it. He also had to wait for his turn to get out of the car as Rohit and Akhil were ahead of him. By the time his turn came, the car submerged and he could not get out,” police said. Explore Your Financial Landscape with Personalized Credit Insights.